erricka controversy is forcing a local
baseball player off the field tonight
here only on 13 are 90 reporter in the
along Necker with while he's refusing to
get his hair cut and why the school says
it's not going to back down Emily
Andrea Zach Napier says he's in an
impossible position being asked by the
university where he goes to school to
make a choice between playing the sport
he loves and his family's cultural
traditions I love baseball more than
probably anything in the world and for
20 year old Zach Napier his field of
dreams has been playing baseball on this
field at Marian University you know
worked my whole life getting to play
college baseball
Napier's dream though has been cut short
for something he refuses to cut right
here carefully hidden underneath his
Marian University baseball cap um it
goes to like the bottom of my back the
hair on his head I've never had a
haircut in my whole entire life now
though Napier says Marian's new head
baseball coach has demanded he cut his
hair if he wants to play ball for the
university she told me until my hair was
gone that I was no longer allowed to
come back on the field for Napier it's
not that simple though my hair is a big
deal to me and my family
the reason says Napier he's part Native
American Cherokee to be exact on his
father's side it's devastating to not
just me to my family Oh everybody
Marian University issued a statement
saying its policy quote is consistent
with policies enforced by other
collegiate and professional athletic
programs the policy applies to all
members of the team regardless of their
race religion or personal beliefs in the
Bible it says your hair is your glory
and I feel like they're making me cut
off my hair and they're a Catholic
institution
Napier's not asking to show off his long
locks while playing ball my hair's
always been up I've never I never wear
my hair down he's just asking he and
future players not have to choose it's
almost impossible for me to choose
between his forties love since childhood
baseball's my life and the traditions of
his family's heritage
although Napier is still attending
classes at Marian he says he's looking
into transferring to another school
where he can study and play baseball
with his hair just the way it is Emily
longnecker Channel
13 I witness